---
name: Yiting Huang
image: images/YitingHuang.jpg
description: Research Assistant
role: Research Assistant
group: alum
links:
  home page: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Yiting-Huang-8/research
  orcid: 0000-0003-2039-9189
  
---

Yiting Huang is a Research Assistant and Data Analyst at the STAR (stress, trauma, anxiety, and resilience) Lab at Shenzhen Mental Health Center, Shenzhen Kangning Hospital. She holds a Master of Arts in Psychology from New York University and a joint Bachelor of Science in Applied Psychology from Guangzhou University and Wesleyan College. Her academic and research endeavors have equipped her with a robust understanding of psychological statistics, research methods, and data-driven decision-making.

At Kangning Hospital, she focuses on studying sexual orientation and its social influence on mental health, aging decision-making processes, and the impact of COVID-19 on mental health. Her work involves conducting thorough data cleaning and analysis, managing decision-making experiments, and performing complex computational models to derive insightful results. Additionally, she has co-authored several publications in esteemed journals like Frontiers in Psychiatry.

Her skills extend to various statistical and analytical tools, including SPSS, Mplus, MATLAB, and R, which she employs to conduct rigorous research and provide actionable insights into mental health studies. She is passionate about researching decision-making across different social and psychological contexts and contributing to the development of effective mental health interventions. In her free time, she enjoys creating art and exploring indie events.
