---
name: Yunfei Zhou
image: images/Yunfei Zhou.jpg
role: PI
affiliation: Clinical Advisor
aliases:

---

Yunfei Zhou, MD, Chief Physician, Master's Supervisor, Leader of the Clinical Psychology Key Discipline in Shenzhen, and Director of the Department of Anxiety Disorders in the Shenzhen Mental Health Center (Shenzhen Kangning Hospital, The Affiliated Mental Health Center, Southern University of Science and Technology)

He graduated from Xiangya School of Medicine, Central South University and received his M.D. degree in 2005. He was promoted to chief physician in 2009. Dr. Zhou has been engaged in clinical psychiatry and psychological therapy for nearly 30 years. He has published over 40 papers in domestic and international academic journals and led the research project "Series of Studies on 5-HTT and DAT Polymorphisms, Substance P, Cognitive Function, and Quality of Life in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder", which was registered as a scientific achievement. Dr. Zhou has also given more than 60 interviews to media such as Shenzhen Special Zone Daily, analyzing psychological counseling cases. He has contributed to more than 10 professional publications, including college textbooks such as College Student Psychological Counseling, Clinical Practice in Psychiatry, and Psychiatry. In addition, he has served as a reviewer and was once a member of the editorial board of the Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research and Clinical Rehabilitation. Dr. Zhou is also a member of the Japanese Society of Naikan Therapy. He specializes in psychological therapy and the diagnosis, treatment, and research of anxiety, sleep, and depressive disorders.

He is a member of the Anxiety Disorders Collaboration Group of the Chinese Medical Association, a committee member of the Behavioral Assessment and Diagnosis Group of the Behavioral Medicine Branch of the Chinese Medical Association, a committee member of the Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder Professional Committee of the Chinese Medical Association, a committee member of the Sleep Medicine Professional Committee of the Chinese Medical Association, a board member of the Chinese Branch of the International Society for Neuropsychology, a committee member of the Sleep and Mental Health Professional Committee of the Chinese Sleep Research Society, Vice Chairman of the Sleep Group of the Chinese Medical Association, and a member of the Board of Directors of the Chinese Medical Association, Board Member of the Chinese Branch of the International Society for Neuropsychology, Committee Member of the Sleep and Mental Health Professional Committee of the Chinese Sleep Research Society, Deputy Head of the Sleep Group of the Psychiatry Department of the Guangdong Medical Association, and Vice President of the Healthy Sleep Department of the Shenzhen Health Education and Health Promotion Association.

